Now I've spoken a lot about the sorts of research that you need to do before your Kickstarter project
and there is so much more that I could talk about you know and if you're doing a specific project some
things might be uniquely relevant to you that I haven't mentioned.
So we've created a huge reading list for you that includes some of the best articles that we've come
across on crowdfunding and the idiosyncrasies of various platforms.
So have a look in that big download package that we gave you in the beginning of the course and have
a read through some of these articles in your spare time.
Now if you want more things to read or you want things that are more up to date then it's always a good
idea to just go on medium and search for Kickstarter and see what are the latest articles coming out
because you know everything changes at lightning speed.
So by the time that you're watching this maybe there's some sort of new trick or maybe there's something
new in the algorithm that I wouldn't have mentioned.
So have a look before you launch.
So by now you should have thoroughly researched your competitors and you should have a good idea about
how you're going to run your crowdfunding campaign.
Now of course there's a lot of lessons that you can learn along the way that you can't really prepare
for.
But the research phase is all about minimizing those things and you get some of the tasks over and done
with before you enter this really hectic 30 or 40 days I have a mini you choose your campaign.
So one of the things we tend to recommend people to do is actually to pre write all of your emails all
of your updates that are going to go out all of the content marketing a blog post that you're going
to do.
Way ahead of time.
So between you know the minus three months to minus one months ahead of your campaign just so that you're
not rushing around in the middle of your campaign when you have other things to do.
So we're going to talk more about all those things including content marketing including the updates
et cetera later on in the course.
But it's just a good point to mention that if you have everything prepared and ready to go then your
life is going to be so much easier and you can really focus on community building or driving traffic
and all the various things that you need to do during your campaign.
So that's all for this model.
I'll see you on the next module we're going to talk about the ranking algorithm for these crowdfunding
sites.
See the.